[ indistinct conversation ]
[ dean martin's
"who's got the action?" plays ]
¶ gal is like a racehorse,
i play her to win ¶
¶ but if i should lose her,
another may come in ¶
jason, what are you doing?
Stop staring
at the customers.
You know who that is
over there?
Guy in the suspenders?
Some actor or something?
It's oliver clausten.
He's the c.E.O. Of
clausten capital investments.
They're as big as you can get
on wall street.
I must have sent my résumé
over there 10 times.
Well, be the best waiter
he's ever had, and maybe --
waiter? Dad, no.
I -- [ sighs ]
I got to show this guy
what i can actually do for him.
No, jason.
Don't bother them.
How is everything
over here so far?
¶ just lay it on the line ¶
it's excellent. Thank you.
You're okay?
Could be better,
though, right?
¶ and won't you be mine? ¶
Always.
Exactly.
Like, say, maybe if,
instead of the check,
I slipped you
a can't-miss stock tip.
¶ some can't go the distance ¶
[ laughs ]
¶ they're only good in sprints ¶
I love this.
What do you got, kid?
¶ they don't run to form ¶
And then this kid tells me
about this chinese company
That makes chips for mobile.
I never heard of them.
As of market close today,
however,
Clausten capital's investment
in zhu lai electronics
Has earned the firm and
its clients over $83 million.
All right! Yes!
Man: Whoo!
[ cheers and applause ]
You've become like a son
to me.
And what can i say?
I believe
in spoiling my kids.
¶ just lay it on the line ¶
[ keys jingle, alarm chirps ]
¶ i'll bet you 10 to one ¶
¶ you will be mine ¶
[ camera shutter clicking ]
[ police radio chatter ]
The victim shows signs
of alcohol intoxication.
So, likely drunk, he climbed
onto the barrier and fell.
Well, why aren't
his hands wrinkled?
Who's that?
Me? Hi.
Lucas wahl,
assistant m.E.
Yeah, i sat right next to you
on the way up, so...
I was just wondering
why the victim's hands
Aren't showing more signs
of water swelling.
You'll have my official report
by the end of the day.
Wow. That's fast.
We've been working
with dr. Morgan.
You sure you don't want to
do something weird or...
Disgusting
to the body first?
You know -- turn his head
inside out or something.
Right.
Look, i have
one more question.
Why would the victim
climb the barrier
In the middle
of the night?
The "why" is your job,
detective.
You miss him
as much as i do?
[ sighs ]
the accent, the scarf...
The "joie de death"?
[ chuckles ]
how long
has he been out now?
Uh, three weeks, two days,
and a few hours.
Who's counting,
though, right?
I'm worried about him,
you know?
I mean,
he killed a man.
I'm worried
about him, too.
I, uh -- i called over there
a few times, but i got abe.
He said he was doing --
he's doing fine.
Yeah, i know.
I called, too.
[ chuckles,
breathes deeply ]
Wonder what that guy
does to keep himself busy.
[ classical music plays ]
Abe: Trap finally
got one, huh?
No, actually.
My initial examination
suggests another cause.
Henry, when are you thinking
about going back to work?
You see,
the rat is incredibly thin.
It was likely hungry,
So it climbed up
the length of the chimney --
There are soot marks
on its feet --
Where it slipped and fell
And broke several bones
and then...
Crawled into the trap.
Tragic.
No, not really.
Look, henry,
i was all for you
Taking off some time from work
after what happened.
By "what happened,"
you mean...
You having had
to kill a psychopath
Who attacked you
in your home.
Yes, that.
You had no choice.
It was self-defense.
But that's the thing,
isn't it?
I had no choice.
[ grunts ]
[ breathes deeply ]
I was manipulated,
outsmarted by this...Adam.
The caller said he was
immortal, but this man is...
Dead. Very dead.
He wasn't
the anonymous caller.
He made me kill a man.
A very bad man.
But does it matter?
Adam's won.
Look,
the only way he wins
Is if you decide
to pack it in
And sit around here
and sherlock rats.
[ telephone ringing ]
Hello?
Hey, marco.
Nah. It's good to --
What?
Oh, my god.
Marco, i'm coming over.
Uh --
Yeah, a-all right.
I'm so sorry.
That was marco,
my old army buddy.
His son is dead.
Henry: There is risk anytime
we venture into the unknown,
Whenever we are compelled,
for whatever reason...
[ camera shutter clicking ]
...To push away the safety
of the familiar,
Of family and home.
As promised,
my report.
My assessment remains
accidental death by drowning.
And there is the notion
That this impulse is,
indeed, for the best,
That whatever doesn't kill us
makes us stronger.
Unless, of course, it does.
A-ask about the glass.
What glass?
Uh...
The small shards of dark glass
found near the head wound?
Likely unrelated
to the c.O.D.
Assistant m.E.S, like children,
should be seen and not heard.
Don't you agree,
detective?
Oh, absolutely.
Well, most of the time,
wouldn't you say?
Dr. Washington,
detective martinez, lucas,
Good to see you all.
Good to see you,
henry.
Are you back?
Please tell me you're back.
Well, i did come in
early this morning
To examine
jason fox's body,
Along with some related
forensic evidence.
I hope you don't mind.
He was the son
of a friend of abe's.
I took the opportunity
To test the salinity
of the water in his lungs.
As did i.
It's within the range of
the salinity of the east river.
But only at full moon,
high tide --
Not present
on the night of the murder.
And the nature
of the head trauma
Suggests that he was struck
by an object traveling at speed
Rather than an injury
sustained in the fall.
And then,
there's the burn on the neck.
Unrelated to the c.O.D.,
in my opinion.
Yeah, fair enough.
But in my opinion,
Both it and the fractures
around the victim's knees
Were incurred postmortem.
Finally, there were
the splinters of white pine
Under his fingernails.
Why?
Well, detective, it seems
you would have a choice --
My analysis, which will wrap up
the case by the end of the day,
Or dr. Morgan's stew of
suppositions and suggestions,
Which will lead
to paperwork and insanity.
Are you feeling okay,
henry?
I'm fine. Thank you.
I choose insanity.
Welcome back, henry.
Yes!
-- Captions by vitac --
I hear henry's back.
Yeah. He turned up
this morning.
He's gonna work
the fox case with me.
How does
he seem to you?
Seems okay.
Same old henry.
Well, you and i both know
that examining dead bodies
Is a hell
of a lot different
Than being responsible
for one.
And henry's not a cop.
Taking a life
and all that comes after that
Isn't something
that he's been trained for.
I know.
I also know
that coming back to work
Was one of the only things
that made me feel better.
And at least this way, i can
keep an eye on him, right?
When was the last time
you spoke to jason?
A week ago maybe.
But it was...
Just the usual.
Quick.
"how you doing, dad?
I got to go."
Seemed like he was always
in between meetings.
And don't get me wrong --
i-i was happy for him.
The kid worked like hell,
Beat every odd
to get to where he was,
But since he started
at that firm,
It was like...
[ voice breaking ] it was
like i lost a piece of him.
Did you know many of the people
that he worked with?
I knew hannah,
his girlfriend.
She works there.
Nice enough girl.
But, look,
those people and that world --
It -- it's all about money.
It's not what i wanted
for jason.
It's not what i would
have chosen for him.
And i can't help
but think...
Think what?
That if he hadn't been
part of it,
Then, somehow,
he'd still be alive.
I just wish
i could have kept him safe.
That's a father's job.
Right?
Abigail: Henry.
Man: ...Just inside the border
of north vietnam,
Was struck today by u.S...
What is it, abigail?
[ radio chatter continues ]
A draft letter.
It came.
What came?
Hi, mom.
Abraham...
My draft letter.
Not really a surprise,
is it?
So...
You ready to have another
soldier in the house, mom?
No. She most certainly
is not.
Nor am i.
We need to have a serious
discussion about our options.
Our options?
The only name on this letter
is mine,
And the only option
i'm considering
Is serving my country
like you two did.
Yes, which is why we know
better than you how horrific --
Dad, please.
I'm going to report
for duty.
This is my decision.
Jo: When jason
dropped you off
After the party
on clausten's boat,
Did you ask him
where he was going?
Of course.
He said he just wanted to
drive the car some more.
Hmm.
That seem odd to you?
[ voice breaking ]
no.
I'm an early bird,
But jason had
this incredible energy.
Like,
he was just so happy
To be living
the life he was living.
Like,
he appreciated it more
Because of how hard
he had to work for it.
He was special.
[ chuckles ] different.
[ thud ]
[ sniffles ]
And after
he dropped you off,
What did you do?
[ tapping ]
Worked a bit,
then went to sleep.
[ tapping continues ]
beautiful floors.
White pine.
But you stained them.
Yes, that's right.
Had jason
been working on them recently?
The floor? No.
[ hollow tapping ]
He had white pine splinters
under his fingernails.
Seems to me
that a savings account
Would yield
a higher rate of return.
I had no idea
that was there.
Jo: The hiding space
or the money?
Both.
That's quite a bit of money.
Looks like almost 100 grand.
Well...
It's not?
Look, i know
this may sound strange.
But for us, at least,
it's not a lot of money.
What is it
you do again?
[ indistinct conversations ]
[ telephones ringing ]
Melanie: Detective martinez,
dr. Morgan.
Melanie sparo,
mr. Clausten's assistant.
I understand you're here to take
a look at jason's office.
Yes, that's right.
Can i get you
anything --
Water, pellegrino,
fresh juice, champagne?
Oh, no, thank you.
We're on duty.
Doesn't
stop anyone here.
This was
jason's office.
I'll be right back
with your water.
Ah,
you guys are late.
You're the decorators,
right?
He looks
like a decorator.
You moving in?
Yeah. Why else
would i have hired you?
So, spare no expense.
The guy who was
in here before me,
He grew up in, like,
seriously deep brooklyn.
Had no taste.
I'm detective martinez
with the nypd.
We're investigating the death
of that guy with no taste.
Yes.
I believe his name was jason.
Mm-hmm.
What's yours?
Sorry. Uh, val.
Val kaplan.
I'll get
out of your hair.
Jason was...
He'll be missed.
Apparently
not by him.
Hmm.
[ sighs ]
Henry,
check this out.
There was an altercation
in here.
Caused
that lamp to fall off
And left this blood
on the carpet.
Melanie: Water.
Thanks.
Is there anything else?
Yeah. We'd like to speak
with oliver clausten.
[ bell clanging ]
mr. Clausten and jason
were very close.
He's taken this pretty hard.
Here he is now.
Mr. Clausten --
congratulations, everyone,
For the end
of another successful day...
Sorry. It's time
for oliver's talk.
...And night,
for our team in london.
His what?
Good morning to everyone
over in tokyo and shanghai.
Here in new york, we continue
to mourn and process the loss
Of our colleague,
jason fox.
You know how i like to call
you guys and girls my soldiers.
Well,
jason was a green beret.
He fought, conquered,
And destroyed every obstacle
to his success --
Every obstacle.
Why? Because he understood
the simple, cruel perhaps,
But unyielding precept
that fuels this firm
And, for that matter,
the planet earth.
Who here
can tell me what that is?
Kill!
Kill!                      Kill!
What?
Kill!
Kill!                      Kill!
Excuse me?
Kill!
Kill!                 Kill!
Again.
Kill!
Kill!             Kill!
Or?
Be killed!
Be killed!            Be killed!
Oliver:
Kill or be killed.
Rest in peace, jason.
And with him in your hearts
and in his honor...
Let's get back to work.
[ applause ]
I'd say we have
a few more suspects.
Jo: Did jason say anything
to you
About where he was going
that night after the party?
Nope. Seemed set on breaking in
his new aston martin.
Big-game hunting,
skydiving --
It seems you have a taste
for dangerous living.
Makes me a better trader --
no fear.
Got to be able to play chicken
with the market and not blink.
Do you have any idea
if jason had any conflicts
With anyone here at the firm
or with any of his clients?
Our clients tend to be
pretty satisfied with us.
It's a handy by-product
of generating wealth for them
That, combined,
annually,
Is equal to the gdp
of western europe.
Hmm. It's hard
for me to imagine.
I've never been
to western europe.
It's beautiful.
What about anyone here?
Seems to me
you've created an environment
That is,
indeed, ferocious.
You know, i'm sure
there were people here
That were envious of jason's
success, his closeness with me,
And may have secretly wished
some pretty nasty things on him.
But being ferocious is
absolutely what it takes to win.
You have any idea why jason
would have $100,000 in cash
Hidden in the floorboards
of his apartment?
Hookers, blow, gas money --
who knows?
$100,000 seems a bit light,
though.
I always keep
at least $3 million
Stashed away
somewhere special
In case i've got to get
out of town in a hurry.
And why would you need to
get out of town in a hurry?
In case i forget
what western europe looks like.
I got to run.
I've got an appointment.
But, please, feel free
To talk
to any of my employees.
Oliver said you should
feel free to talk to anyone --
Actually, i'm not done
talking to oliver.
Long commute?
Yes, well...
More comfortable
for two buses and a train.
Sheepshead bay.
That's where jason
was from.
You two must have felt
like strangers
In a strange land
in here.
We used to laugh
about making it out.
Jason was a good egg.
Hmm.
Yes, i bet he was.
Which is why i was hoping
You could help me
with something, melanie.
Have you
any idea how blood
Got on the carpet
in jason's office?
I actually had
a few more questions.
Fire away.
I have reason to believe
That jason was in a physical
altercation of some kind
In his office recently.
Right.
That.
[ elevator bell dings ]
He said it was some guy
he knew growing up.
I told him
to avoid that element.
He was
an unsophisticated investor.
Looks like
you made a mistake.
This one's headed up
instead of down.
No mistake.
My helicopter
lands on the roof.
[ button clicks ]
I don't go down.
Oliver clausten
is a total ass.
Kevin crachiolla.
Uh, who?
The name of the person
With whom jason
fought in his office.
He owns an auto shop
in brooklyn.
I got it from melanie,
clausten's assistant.
She said that a client
came to visit jason a week ago
After work hours.
She checked
the firm's appointment records
And got his name --
kevin crachiolla.
Abe: Nice work, henry.
Let's go get
this crachiolla guy.
We will tomorrow.
And by "we,"
i mean jo and i.
Why not -- why not --
why not you and me tonight?
Abe --
don't "abe" me.
One of my best friends
just lost his son.
Look, i want to be involved
in this thing.
Actually,
there is something.
We found this key
hidden in jason's apartment.
Now, i've never seen
anything like it before.
Have you?
No.
But i know someone who would
know everything about it.
You mind if i give it
to him tomorrow?
Okay.
Show it to your friend.
But make sure
it gets back to me.
I just
want to be helpful.
You know...
Jason
was marco's only kid.
I mean, you -- can you imagine
what he must be going through?
[ sighs ]
Seem like a long time ago
to you?
Yes. And no.
Well, you experience time
a little differently
Than everyone else.
Yes.
But unlike time,
war has been the same for me
As it is
for everyone else --
Brutal and terrifying
beyond imagination.
War's not an adventure,
abe.
I know that.
But there are some things
you can't run from.
If you'd seen the things
that i've seen, abe,
Lost the loved ones
that i've lost,
You'd soon understand
how pointless it all is.
And if given the chance
to change the outcome,
To protect --
It's not your job
to protect me.
Yes, it is.
You're just afraid.
Well, of course i am.
And so am i.
But what you
don't understand --
Maybe
you can't understand --
Is that risking your life
for something you believe in
Is a blessing...
Not a curse.
[ whirring, ratcheting ]
You know,
i noticed on the way in
That this garage
abuts the gowanus canal.
Yeah. You thinking
about taking a dip?
[ chuckles ]
no, no. Not today.
No, the canal is more brackish
than the east river,
Its salinity more in line
with what was in jason's lungs.
Can i help you?
Hi, i'm detective martinez
with the nypd.
Do you know a jason fox?
Yeah. Why?
Did you pay him a visit
at his office recently?
Get in a little fight?
Yeah,
we had a disagreement.
It's not
what i'd call a fight...
Not where we grew up,
at least.
Wait. Is he pressing charges?
You got to be kidding me.
Jason is dead.
We found his body two days ago
by the east river.
Are you serious?
What did you guys
fight about?
[ sighs ]
When i heard he was really
killing it on wall street,
I gave him some of my money
to invest.
How much?
100 grand.
But some stuff came up for me.
I needed the money back.
Jason said no problem.
Then he said
he needed more time.
I never got
a straight answer about why.
Jo? Would you come here
for a moment?
We done here?
You just hang tight,
kevin.
This bolt, those car mats,
and this bulb
Are all from a 2014
aston martin vantage s.
Jo: Jason's new car.
See how the bulb
is cracked at its base?
It would cause it
to heat improperly.
That was the cause
of the burn on jason's neck.
And his right knee
was fractured
Because he was stuffed
inside that very same trunk.
They chopped it already.
There are parts of this car
all over the garage.
[ engine revs ]
And that is the sound
of an aston martin engine.
[ tires squeal ]
Inside an impala?
He's getting away!
Henry, stop!
Henry!
[ tires screech ]
[ car alarm wailing ]
Kevin: What the hell's wrong
with that guy?!
Good question.
Interrogation room one,
please.
Henry, what the hell
was that all about?
You could have been killed.
I could have been killed.
I'm sorry. I just didn't
want to let him get away.
Henry,
that's not your job.
Look,
he was manipulating us.
I wasn't gonna
let that happen.
Manipulating us?
You say it
like it was personal.
The guy was lying.
That's what guilty people
tend to do.
Listen, you said that you
were ready to come back.
Is that true?
Yes.
Come on, henry.
I've been through this
before.
What goes through your mind
after taking a life --
It is not easy.
You know that you can
talk to me, right?
[ sighs ]
I know.
And i appreciate that.
But i'm fine, really.
[ horns honking ]
[ indistinct conversations ]
[ machinery whirring ]
[ bell jingles ]
Well, well,
if it isn't abe the knave.
You know we don't serve your
kind around here, don't you?
Yeah.
And what kind is that?
Guys who steal girls
From guys they were
in the same damn platoon with.
Jerry,
that was 30 years ago.
We kicked the brits' ass
in 1776.
We still celebrate
the 4th of july.
[ machine grinding ]
Hey, uh, jerry.
J-jer-- jerry!
You know what kind of a key
this is?
What it
might be used for?
Do i know?
I will forget more about keys
tonight in my sleep
Than you will learn
in your whole lifetime.
J-- jerry, it's --
it's -- it's not about me.
It's about marco.
¶ oh ¶
His son, actually.
What, little jason?
[ sighs ]
he's, uh, dead.
He...Was murdered.
What? Murdered?
[ clears throat ]
Look, this key,
whatever it leads to,
Could help catch
whoever did it.
Let me see this.
It's rare.
It's made for a special kind
of humidor lock.
For cigars.
I know what a humidor is,
jerry.
Leave this with me.
I'll see what i can find.
For marco.
Hmm.
Where did you get
jason's car, kevin?
He called me earlier that day,
said he finally had my money.
Told me to come to his place
in tribeca at 10:00.
He never showed,
so...
I went looking for him.
Where?
His dad's restaurant.
What time?
Uh...11:00?
Ask his old man.
They were about to close,
But he still brought me out
a bowl of clams.
So, after that,
i went back to his place
And waited for him
in his garage.
Around 4:00 a.M.,
this aston martin
Pulls in jason's spot.
So i figured, "you know what?
I'm borrowing it."
So, you're saying
you saw jason
Pull into the garage
at 4:00 a.M.
Well, that makes you
the last person
To see him alive,
kevin.
No.
I wasn't the last person,
Because it wasn't jason
in the car.
Looked like him -- the suit,
the slicked-back hair.
But it wasn't him.
Are you blowing smoke here,
kevin?
All these broker douches
look alike.
But i grew up with jason.
I know what he looks like.
[ thud ]
The steering wheel
from jason's aston martin.
They found it
at the garage.
[ sighs ]
what a waste.
Not really.
I pulled three sets of prints
off of it.
Three?
Jason's, that crachiolla guy,
and one set without an i.D.
Hey. I pulled some photos of the
male staff at clausten capital
For crachiolla to look at.
Guess who he i.D.'d.
The redecorator.
Yep. Val kaplan.
So, lucas pulled three sets
of fingerprints
From the steering wheel.
We can
match two of them.
Perhaps we've just found
number three.
Hi, val.
Remember me?
I'm not here
to redecorate.
[ elevator bell dings ]
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What the hell is this?
They're arresting me,
oliver.
I didn't -- i didn't --
v-val, don't...
Say another word.
Where's he going,
detective?
Down.
Abe: Now, are y-you sure
the humidor is on this boat?
Jerry: I spoke to the guy
that installed it.
Are you sure what we're doing
is a good idea?
I mean, this guy clausten's
big cheese.
You sure you want to be messing
with him?
If we wait any longer,
the evidence can get destroyed.
What evidence?
Well, that's what
we're gonna find out.
Just trust me about this, huh?
It's not my first case.
Oh.
Okay. It might be my fourth.
Look, we're still doing this
for marco.
Okay. Yeah.
All right.
Just follow my lead.
Just let me explain
once more.
Uh, uh, i work
for the humidor company,
And, uh, juan here,
my colleague,
Is the, um, locking, uh,
mechanism, uh, specialist.
Mr. Clausten's humidor
is equipped with a sensor
That sends a distress signal
every time the moisture level
Becomes
dangerously high.
And, sir, i can tell you right
now, we are in the red zone.
Is that true?
Uh, he doesn't speak
much english.
He's, uh,
originally from cuba.
Yeah. Sí.
I'll need to call
mr. Clausten.
No, no, no. We -- we --
we don't have any time.
That's moisture --
moisture, moisture, moisture.
It's very h-humid.
[ chuckles ]
All right.
The humidor's right there.
Just be quick about it.
Now, look,
why don't you and i,
Uh, uh, go into the wheelhouse
over there...
Mm.
...And let juan here, uh,
do his magic?
Gracias, señor.
Please.
I didn't kill him.
Jo: We can put you in the car
after the party, val.
At the least,
that makes you an accessory.
You are looking
at 10 years minimum.
I am talking
about state pen.
Do you have any idea
what happens to guys like you
In places like that?
Look, you have to understand,
i just --
Just what?
Just dumped the body?
Well, that's good,
val.
That means
you're not a murderer.
Even better,
it means you know who is.
Maybe we can work out
a deal.
You can avoid having
An overly friendly
prison roommate. Hmm?
Oliver...
Called me
around midnight.
He said
to come over to his place.
Jason's body
was in the pool.
I carried it
to the elevator.
[ grunts ]
I got his car.
I stuffed the body
in the trunk.
And i dumped the body
by the river.
And why would
you do all that, val?
Oliver told me
it wouldn't be a problem,
That he'd take care
of it.
[ doorbell rings ]
[ police radio chatter ]
We have a warrant to search
your house and property.
Perfect.
I just opened
a beautiful '74 barolo,
And i've got
an entire case inside,
So there's plenty
to go around.
Come on in.
Gentlemen.
Hmm. Salt water.
Healthier for you.
I imagine its salinity
matches the water
Found in jason's lungs.
Same glass as we found near
the wound on jason's head --
From a wine bottle.
So,
jason was hit with it.
He then fell
into this pool.
And he drowned.
Thinks he's pretty smart,
doesn't he?
Does that remind you
of anyone?
[ cellphone rings ]
[ beep ]
Lieutenant.
Joanne: You guys
need to get back here.
To the station? Why?
Henry just found
the murder weapon.
Well, that's good.
Someone just walked
into my office and confessed.
Jo: I'd like
to hear it all again.
Oliver invited
jason and me
To come back to his place
after the boat.
We went back there,
And oliver finally got tired
and went off to bed.
It was just jason and me.
And he made a move on me.
I wasn't interested.
He was really drunk,
got angry...
Said it was because
i was sleeping with oliver.
And were you?
Are you?
No and no.
What jason said
really pissed me off, though.
A little of the old neighborhood
came out in me, i guess.
I threw a bottle of wine
at him.
He stumbled off
into the pool.
I didn't
mean to kill him.
Yeah. I got to hand it
to this clausten character.
He's one smart cookie.
Hey! Hey!
Henry.
Get over here.
There's been a huge break
in the case.
What, you've heard
about melanie already?
Melanie?
No, no. Just listen.
Jerry and i figured out
that that key you gave us
Was for the humidor
on oliver clausten's boat.
So we pulled off this operation,
and we broke in.
And guess what.
Along with those fine cigars
he's keeping in his humidor,
There was also --
these files.
Yeah?
Filled with all sorts
Of confidential
financial information.
Tell him, myron.
You remember myron?
My accountant.
Myron roth,
dr. Morgan.
May i ask if you are
currently satisfied
With your tax-preparation
professional?
Myron, just tell henry
what we got.
These papers
are clausten capital's
Actual financial records.
The stuff the firm
is showing to the investors,
The s.E.C. --
It's all bull.
The whole operation
Is just one big,
very complicated ponzi scheme.
I'm sorry.
Did you say
that you stole these files
From clausten's boat?
Not "stole."
we -- we liberated them.
No, no, no, no.
Don't you understand?
Jason
had that key hidden
Because he found out
about what clausten was up to.
Maybe that's
why he was killed.
How could you?!
How could all of you?!
Don't you realize
That even if everything
you're saying is true,
Because of
how it was obtained,
None of it
can be used against...
Who are you calling,
henry?
I thought
you said he was cool.
Melanie, once you sign
that confession,
There is no going back.
There's no way to get back
the years, possibly decades
You are gonna lose
in prison.
[ cellphone ringing ]
Hey. What's up?
Are you kidding me?!
He did what?!
And you've seen
all of this?
All right.
I'm gonna call you back.
[ beep ]
Melanie, that was a source
of mine at the s.E.C.
Clausten capital investments
and oliver clausten personally
Are being charged
with security fraud.
No. It's not true.
Jason confronted oliver,
and oliver killed him.
Now he's paying you
to take the fall.
No.
How much, melanie?
$5 million?
$10 million?
Do you know what
a forensic accountant does?
The s.E.C.
Has hundreds of them.
Now, it might take them
awhile.
It may take them the entire
length of your sentence,
But they will find
that money.
You will get out,
And you will be left
with nothing.
[ door opens ]
Wait.
It was $20 million.
Hasn't been wired yet.
Oliver killed jason.
[ indistinct shouting ]
It's just a rumor.
Business as usual.
Hey, come on. Those kind
of threats are not necessary.
Everything here is just fine.
Man: Shred everything!
You just got to trust me.
Man: Fbi!
We have a warrant!
Stop your work!
Drop those files!
Man #2: Everyone,
come over here, please.
Man #3: Let me see those hands.
Step away from the desk.
You and you, fan out with me
to find oliver.
Henry, you --
stay here. Will do.
Man: Leave those files
where they are.
Man #2: Step away
from the computer now!
Step away from the desk.
You two.
You two, move over here.
[ indistinct shouting ]
Stop your work.
Man: Anyone have a 20
on oliver clausten?
He's not in his office.
Man #2: His key card says
he's still in the building.
[ elevator bell dings ]
[ elevator doors close ]
[ engine turns over ]
[ engine revving ]
[ tires squeal ]
[ tires squealing ]
Jason went to oliver's
that night after the party
To confront him
about what the firm was up to.
Oliver got pissed,
Threw one of his fancy bottles
of red wine at him.
Jason fell in the pool
and drowned.
He had val clean it up and
paid melanie to take the fall.
Nice work, jo.
You and morgan
are quite the team.
Yeah.
I guess we are.
And henry hasn't behaved
in any way out of the ordinary?
Well, this is henry
we're talking about, right?
So what's ordinary?
You know what i mean.
No.
No. Same old henry.
He's back.
¶ oh, i've tried ¶
Committing fully
to the protection of another
Can often engender
a kind of paradox.
[ indistinct conversation ]
In doing so, we are tempted
to put ourselves at risk --
The very thing
most likely to cause pain
In those whom we are trying so
desperately to keep pain from.
¶ a good man ¶
Henry!
You're here.
Hey. Join us, huh?
Have a drink.
Ah, thank you.
You earned it.
Oh, you did, too.
The s.E.C. Were very happy
to receive your anonymous tip...
Although you might get
an earful from jo
Next time you see her.
Oh, don't worry.
I can handle her.
Man, you can't tell
that dude nothing.
[ chuckling ] hey!
Thank you, henry.
For everything.
My pleasure, marco.
And, after all,
from what i can gather,
You were a big reason why this
one came home safe from vietnam.
That's true, marco.
Yeah, me too, pal. Me too.
Marco, i think
you should know jason
Had intended to return
kevin crachiolla's investment
Using his own money.
Because you
raised him right, marco.
Thanks, man.
¶ the lonesome girl ¶
Over time, however,
One learns that
the choices of those we love
Are impossible to control.
You'll write --
every day.
Every day?
Come on, mom.
[ chuckles, sniffles ]
I love you so much,
abraham.
Henry: We both do.
And we're proud of you.
Dad. You came.
How could i not?
I owe you an apology,
abe.
You are, indeed, capable
of making your own choices,
As i was at your age.
You've reminded me
of that...
And of how loving someone
means supporting them
Even if it scares you
to do so.
Especially then.
[ sighs ]
[ sniffles ]
i love you.
[ breathes deeply ]
Look after yourself
out there, okay?
I will.
And i love you, too.
[ sighs ]
Hey.
I'm marco.
Hi. Abe.
So...
You scared?
[ chuckles ]
Yeah. Me, too.
I mean,
i'm from brooklyn,
So i figured
i'll be all right.
You stick with me,
abe.
I'll take care of you.
[ knock on door ]
[ lock turns ]
[ bell jingles ]
Have you come
to tell me
You no longer want to work
with me in the field?
No, henry.
I still
want to work with you.
But if we're gonna do that,
you need --
To be less careless.
Yes.
Yes. Absolutely.
But that's not
what i came here to say.
Henry...
You and i -- we're --
we're not so different.
We're both a little guarded,
a little screwed up.
Maybe a lot screwed up.
And we both
have killed people.
It leaves
you feeling like
You have to make up for it
somehow...
You know, you have
to solve every case,
Maybe throw yourself
in front of a few cars
To make sure
a bad guy doesn't get away.
But it doesn't work,
none of it.
I didn't
have to kill him.
[ sighs ]
I shouldn't have,
but i did.
And that's something
i'm gonna have to live with.
Forever.
Me too.
Can i tell you something,
henry?
For me...
You make that
a little easier.
I just...
I just want to be
able to do the same for you.
[ cellphone ringing ]
Hey. What's up?
Okay. Right now?
I'm on my way.
How would you like
to see a dead body?
I thought
you'd never ask.
[ bell jingles ]